We use cookies to make HubSpot’s website a better place. Cookies help to provide a more personalized experience and relevant advertising for you, and web analytics for us. To learn more about the different cookies we're using, check out our Cookie Policy (baked goods not included).

Allow cookies Decline
Skip to content

 Enable High Contras
Videos




Podcasts












Resources




HubSpot Products







The 33 Most Useful Keyboard Shortcuts for Google Chrome
Scott Tousley
Scott Tousley
Published: December 19, 2022

What if you could navigate Google Chrome at lightning speed?

Person using google chrome keyboard shortcuts on a mac to do useful work
Well, it turns out you can. By learning a few simple Google Chrome keyboard shortcuts, you can speed up your prospecting research, gain valuable insights about your leads faster, and really build out that pipeline.

Shortcuts for Tabs
Shortcuts for Search Bar
Shortcuts for Windows
Download Now: Free Guide on Maximizing Productivity
Chrome Keyboard Shortcuts
Goal	Shortcut
Open a new tab

Hold Command and press T

Close the current tab

Hold Command and press W

Reopen last tab closed

Hold Command and Shift, then press T

View next tab

Hold Command and Option, then press the right arrow key

View previous tab

Hold Command and Option, then press the left arrow key

Jump to a specific tab

Hold Command and select the appropriate number

Open a hyperlink in a new tab

Hold Command and click the link

Open a link in a new window

Hold Shift and click the link

Put a cursor in the search bar

Hold Command and press L

Erase the current search

Hold Command and press delete

Highlight the next word in search

Hold Shift and Option, then press the right arrow key

Highlight the last word in a search

Hold Shift and Option, then press the left arrow key

Go back to the previous page

Press delete

Go forward to the next page

Hold Shift and press delete

Reload the current page

Hold Command and press R

Open the find bar

Hold Command and press F

Scroll to the next keywords in find bar

Press Enter

Scroll to previous keywords in the find bar

Hold Shift and press Enter

Save the current page as a bookmark

Hold Command and press D

Open the settings page

Hold Command and press the Comma key

Open the downloads page

Hold Command and Shift, then press J

Open a new window

Hold Command and press N

Drag a tab out of your window

Click the tab and drag it downwards

Close the current window

Hold Command and Shift, then press W

Minimize the current window

Hold Command and press M

Maximize the current window

Hold Control and Command, then press F

Scroll down the web page

Tap the Space Bar

Quit Google Chrome

Hold Command and press Q

Jump to the last tab

Hold Command and press the number nine

Hide Google Chrome

Hold Command and press H

Log in as a different user

Hold Command and press Shift and M

Clear browsing data

Hold Command and press Shift and Delete

Search for selected text

Hold Command and press E

Useful Keyboard Shortcuts for Tabs
1. Open a new tab.
Chrome Keyboard Shortcut Open a new tab

Mac: Hold Command and press T.

Windows PC & Linux: Hold Ctrl and press T.

2. Close Tab.
chrome keyboard shortcuts: close tab

Mac: Hold Command and press W.

Windows PC & Linux: Hold Ctrl and press W.

3. Open a closed tab.
Chrome Keyboard Shortcut open a closed tab

Mac: Hold Command and Shift, then Press T.

Windows PC & Linux: Hold Ctrl and Shift, then Press T.

4. View the next tab.
Chrome Keyboard Shortcut view the next tab

Mac: Hold Command and Option, then press the right arrow key.

Windows PC & Linux: Hold Ctrl and press Tab.

5. View the previous tab.
Chrome Keyboard Shortcuts - View the Previous Tab

Mac: Hold Command and Option, then press the left arrow key.

Windows PC & Linux: Hold Ctrl and press 9.

6. Switch to a specific tab (first eight tabs).
Chrome Keyboard Shortcut: switch to a specific tab

Mac: Hold Command and select the appropriate number. For example, if I need to jump to the seventh tab open, I hold Command and press 7. If I need to jump back to the second tab open, I hold Command and press 2.

Windows PC & Linux: Hold Ctrl and select the appropriate number.

7. Open link in a new tab.
Chrome Keyboard Shortcut: open link in a new tab

Mac: Hold Command and click the link.

Windows PC & Linux: Hold Ctrl and click the link.

8. Jump to the last tab.
Chrome Keyboard Shortcut: jump to last tab

Mac: Hold Command and then press the number nine.

Windows PC & Linux: Hold Ctrl and then press the number nine.

9. Open link in new window.
Chrome Keyboard Shortcut: open link in a new window

Mac: Hold Shift and click the link.

Windows PC & Linux: Hold Ctrl and Shift, then click the link.

Useful Keyboard Shortcuts for Search Bar
10. Put a cursor in the search bar.
Chrome Keyboard Shortcuts: Put a Cursor In the Search Bar

Mac: Hold Command and press L.

Windows PC & Linux: Hold Ctrl and press L.

11. Erase the current search.







